hi my name is Scott lisner I'm going to
show you how to make a diamond ring well
I can't you say diamond ring I'll see a
diamond ring because the term diamond
ring is copyrighted by the writers of
the bucs book which is a very good book
if you want to learn how to fold dollar
bills and whatnot just go to any book
store and pick it up a really good book
it will teach you how to how to fold
dollar bills into almost anything but my
diamond ring is different from from
there
their version
what I want to show you here all right
number one here look at here this is a
where is George calm anytime you see
this on a dollar bill please go to where
is George and support the website all
right now this is how we're going to
show you how to build the hunted how to
do a diamond ring
alright first start with you dollar bill
plates lat down like that hold up on the
bottom there we go
ok
oh the bottom portion here right along
the United States of America all right
and and the best thing is to make sure
you have good tight solid creases all
right first part should look like this
when you flipped all over the ones
should be just under the line does the
fold next you take the other half and
just fold it up so that it matches the
line above the United States of America
and again nice tight creases
alright now works best if you fold this
underneath
like that
now you find the side of the dollar bill
which has the widest margin which is
this side on this one here so we
look the dollar bill in there
and then we'll go down to the end and at
the end we'll fold it in just a little
bit of a more of an angle not enough
really to make a much of a noticeable
difference and again
nice tight creases
same thing on the other end
we're going to hold it up just enough so
you're going to leave a nice tiny little
space in between and we're going to go
to the edge of that bold and we're going
to go the same angle
nice chat creek
here's the fun part
here we take the dime and you slide the
dime in the end of of your bowl
pack it in there good and working in so
that it's good and tight in there and
then pulls the margin piece down and
tighten it up with your thumb a little
bit and fold it underneath like this ok
so we're holding the margin down
tightening it up and holding it under
like that
now place your finger right here on the
edge of the fold
and make just a little indentation this
is going to be the thin part of the ring
the bottom part of the ring you do that
on both sides
and here you do it like that we have a
little inscription and God We Trust on
the inside of the ring
inscription that we truck
ok
take the dollar bill in hand with the
fold behind your finger
all this up at the one a ninety degree
fold
alright good sharp crease there he do
that without the knife bring this hurt
around
like that you make it match
and then
roll through
like that
and talk
your butter knife
to tuck that portion in there
pretty sloppy job but it will suffice
for right now and there you have a
diamond ring
that will be about a size 7 so isn't
that pretty good size of that rock and
the one exposed all right